The present CIESM package includes:

(1) software: include all related packages needed by ciesm
	allinone-1.0.3: includes all netcdf4-related packages 
	diagnose: includes all post-processing software for atmosphere component model and ocean component model.
	compiler: includes all intel compiler software for ciesm.
(2) ciesm-x.x.x: includes earth system model developed by CESS based on NCAR cesm-1.2.1.
(3) ciesm.run: This directory is used to store all run cases generated by create_newcase command in ciesm.
(4) ciesm.archive: This directory is used to store all output data generated by ciesm.


=================================================
How to use:
=================================================
(1) Add two important variables in your .bashrc
export ESM_SOFT=$your_own_path

The ESM_SOFT is the default installing directory for all netcdf4-related packages(allinone-xxx.tar.gz). The execution of ciesm and the post-processing of ciesm are all depend on ESM_SOFT. Don’t forget this variable unless your administrator have defined t as a global variable for you!

(2) Install all netcdf4-related packages
tar xvzf allinone-xxx.tar.gz
cd allinone-xxx
./x-install

All packages will be installed into $ESM_SOFT directory. If you want to change the default and compiler, please use --prefix and --compiler parameters. For example,
./x-install --prefix=$your-path --compiler intel

See more details from the “pub.sh” in allinone-xxx directory. Currently, we only tested the allinone package with intel compilers(icc and fort) on Redhat6.4 platform.

(3) Edit build_newcase.csh in ciesm-x.x.x directory.....

(4) Goto the ciesm.run directory, and enter into your own case generated by build_newcase.sh. And then execute the $CASE.submit script.

(5) All output data will be move to ciesm.archive/$CASE directory after your job finished.

(6) Use the diagnostic packages in software directory including owmg-x.x.x and awmg-x.x.x to analyze the output data.
